# Computational-Graph
The aim of this thesis is to provide a collaborative and adaptive optimization learning-based framework for solving controller placement in SD-WAN. 
This study came up with a new optimization algorithm and a smart way to place controllers in SD-WAN when there were several goals that were at odds with each other. The proposed solution is presented and is referred to as a stochastic computational graph model with ensemble learning (SCGMEL). The proposed SCGMEL algorithm will solve the problem of where to place controllers in SD-WAN, and it will also solve the problems with the current solution to the problem of where to place controllers in SD-WAN that has been proposed in the literature. The controller placement problem is about figuring out how many and where to put controllers when different goals are at stake. Large enterprise organizations, like SD-WAN, are examples of where controller placement problems exist. This study came up with a unique and novel solution for the placement of controllers in SD-WAN. These solutions are a mix of a stochastic computational graph model (stochastic gradient descent with momentum, learning rate, decay rate, and a dynamic computational graph) and an extreme gradient boosting decision tree model called XGBoost. After figuring out where to place the controllers with the SCGMEL algorithm, XGBoost was used to predict a good number of controllers for deploying SD-WAN. In the same way, this study used an artificial neural network called Learning Vector Quantization to predict where controllers should be placed. In the next part of this study, there will be a brief discussion about the flowchart and algorithm, as well as the different solutions that make up the proposed solution.
